---
layout: post
title:  "An interview with myself"
date:   2019-10-8 18:05:55 +0300
image:  jonwithphone.jpg
tags:   [personal]
---
#### Hey Jon, thanks for sitting down with us today.
No problem!

#### So it looks like you've created your own personal website, what's all that about?
Today I launch my personal website, marking my first foray into blogging (well, outside of a post I did in 2010 as a college freshmen claiming I was destined to be a little league champion coach) and establishing some sort of idea of meaningful online presence.

#### Right, and why would anyone want to hear what you have to say?
I've always had a passion for trying to defend the indefensible.  Not in a crooked way or supporting injustice, I just like to try and zig when everyone else is zagging.  I think I can do that and deliver it in an entertaining package.

#### So, you're egotistical?
It's possible.  I like reading my own voice, and hope others will find it enjoyable as well.

#### Interesting.  So what does this "voice" plan on writing about?
- Sports, espescially the NBA and my beloved Chicago Cubs
- Technology, specifically consumer focused stuff
- Consumerism, and how I see it affecting the world

and probably a bunch more.  I'm looking forward to weaving these things together too.

#### So what is this going to look like?
Honestly, I don't know.  It's going to include of a lot of riduculous statements that I'll try and back up.  It's going to get weird.  It's going to be slightly off-kilter- If not, I've failed the vision in my own head.

#### Mhmm.  Sounds like you've got a lot to get working on
I do!  For anyone out there looking to follow along, I'll be providing a newsletter link in the coming days once I have some content.

#### Sure.  Good luck, weirdo!
Thanks, me!





### For anyone wondering how I made this site:
Check out the [Jekyll docs][jekyll-docs].  If you have questions, you can ask them on [Jekyll Talk][jekyll-talk].  You can also check out my GitHub page for the [site source code][site-github].

[jekyll-docs]: https://jekyllrb.com/docs/home
[jekyll-gh]:   https://github.com/jekyll/jekyll
[jekyll-talk]: https://talk.jekyllrb.com/
[site-github]: https://github.com/JRedeker/jonredeker.com
